hey guys it's just go for summit and
welcome to a new map this is a legend of
zelda map it's like a little freer oh
like there's temples everywhere i'm
gonna beat them and there is base that
is basically a a bug reporting thing
because it was just released a couple
days ago and i think it was released
yesterday and you said wait for the bug
fix and this is the bug fix but he said
this still might be a bug so I'm here to
report them yes this is our custom
texture pack
stupid 1.3
ok
sell the clothes and a DQ stick which is
the wooden sword some foods Oh bag
so
I've already covered two bugs I think
that if i spawned here and produced will
spawn the house and I also spawned and
creative so yeah for a simple fix the
shop here ah
what the crops that oh well
right getting us the water temple and
Fire Temple is probably a mad thing or
something I don't know anyways for
simple what's this over here oh this is
the this is the trophy room the letter
from the statue room these are the
creators there is three creators after
the names that guy that guy unless the
added wonders
today come on okay those are the
creators yeah so I guess just going to
head to the forest temple is that's
usually the first one except in Wind
Waker spunky I got some smokey so okay
Oh
normal okay
ooh awesome go Gary sword e
sorry if that happens
o.o ty mmm I'm ready pokuri sword i'm
gonna die or night huh thank thank you
okay whoa a lot of crap is that the boss
can't be this desert smoking here yes
hello those aren't pasta because it's
bright but just go just this just
Oh rupees so got 45 40 plus 35 75 and
the comparable or the ferry boat or
whatever that's called i forget i played
zelda in a long time so i guess thats
leather and this is Iron all right at
the key rebo now awesome I'm smoky there
we go e.e hmm I guess I was temple
alright so we bit the first temple and I
guess I'm just gonna end it off here see
you next time